The Weather Channel wishes everyone a
happy Labor Day and now your local on
the AIDS currently the temperature is 65
degrees under sunny skies
our local Doppler radar
today sunny high 84 winds light and
variable
for tonight generally clear low 54 winds
light and variable
on Tuesday a mainly sunny sky hot high
90 winds north-northwest at 5 to 10
miles per hour and Tuesday night a
mostly clear sky low 61
winds light and variable our 7-day
outlook
it is half past the hour as this special
edition of your weather today continues
we're in storm alert as we await the
landfall of Hurricane Gustav i'm heather
test and I'm Marshall C's thanks for
joining us this morning any